hello auni. i hope ur doing well. ni probably last message from me in a while. 

i just wanted to say, thank you for the past 8 years as friends, and 3 years we have been together. i will cherish our memories forever. i truly had the best time living life with you as teenagers and young adults. all the good times, from ziplining, petrosains, the events during aspi, teman kau botam, being ur photographer, college dinner, the car rides, ioi and everything in between, i will remember every detail until the day i die. thank you for shaping me into a better person, you do not know how much you have changed my life. and for that, i am forever in debt with you. we have built something great together, we met our parents, we talked openly, we really did our best. you are still the best woman i know.

im sorry it didnt work out. im sorry i was stubborn. im sorry i chose myself over us. im sorry for everything. for a moment, i truly imagined a future with you, with you as my wife. dont ever think i dont love you. i love you with all of my heart. truth is, i really am scared. im scared of the future. im scared that i cannot commit. im scared of the bad feelings i have felt throughout our time together. but, maybe the time is not right. maybe in the future, or maybe the time for us is passed. 

and with that, i have had my time to think. To be honest, I still need to heal. I am still not ready to jump in a relationship with anyone at all. And I still have some hope that we can make it work, but…just not now. kalaulah kau still nak aku after what happened then cakap je. but if no or if you dont reply then its okay, i consider this the end. Im holding out hope for a month utk kau reply. If nothing, I am moving on from this chapter of my life. despite that, im keeping my promise. ill find you first when I want to get married. to me, if we are meant to be together, then we will find each other again.

As for your hadiah from surabaya. I love it so much! aku x pernah cakap that baju batik is one of my favourite piece of clothing in the world. and yes, when I wear it, I will still think of you. 

take care of your mother. take care of your friends and family. sampaikan salam aku kat diorg semua. take care of yourself too. stay healthy, safe and pretty. all the best with your botam, programmes, events and academic. aku doakan all of them berjaya. aku doakan kau sentiasa berjaya dunia akhirat. aku doakan kau jumpa someone yang tak sejahat aku. aku doakan kau sentiasa gembira even without me.

Thank you and sorry for everything my first love.

- Your Friend Forever, Faiq <3