sepanjang hidup aku, aku ada 2 doa. doa yg aku baca lepas solat (which is the one yg aku selalu baca). and the one yang aku baca during special occasions. macam solat hajat ke, lailatulqadr ke. doa yg second tu, i have written it since 2020. ada ubah sikit but tak banyak. at that moment, aku tulis doa because of the things i lack. mcm cemerlang koko, sertai banyak program, kekuatan untuk harungi cabaran, dan lain-lain. disebabkan aku jarang baca, a lot of the times when i bukak balik notes tu, i am shocked with apa yg dah makbul. there is always something. baru2 ni it was, pegang jawatan yg baik. of course ada banyak yang tak makbul lagi, my addiction, nak dapat scholar, kerja yg elok, masuk syurga, and others.

but one thing it taught me was, never doubt the power of doa. sem lepas for example, aku memang nak 4 flat. mak aku dah pressure. tapi subjek computer network tu.. i had no hope. aku dah kira markah, memang tinggal 3 markah je boleh A. lepastu masa exam, hmm aku yakin yang >10 markah aku hilang. i am confident mana aku salah. but, somehow.. dapat A jugak. even 4 flat lagi. point is, it was example that kalau benda tu memang untuk aku, then buatlah apa cara pun, it will come to me. even when all hope is lost, if it is written for me, then it will be for me, no matter how long it takes.

as for my update, its been a while. pergi recce negeri Sembilan, meeting PPD, MMU Awards semalam, pergi zoo negara. and today is my parents' 24th year anniversary. all of them with different people, different places and different times. but the only thing on my mind was you. what you said specifically: "kau jahat". 

im never falling in love again. my future is haunted by what i love. everywhere i go, every song i listen to, every girl i talk to, every picture i see, all of it comes back to you. and im reminded of what a horrible person i am. and because of that, you deserve better. maybe me in the future, or just someone new. someone yang sesuai dengan jiwa kau, yang vibe dgn kawan2 kau. someone yang can treat you better. for the past 3 years of us together, i gave my all. aku dah usaha sedaya upaya. i loved you with all of my heart. we loved each other and we made it work. but i think that part of me has died. that nik you knew 3 years ago is gone. and im trying to find myself again. 

now i see kenapa benda ni haram. maybe takde berkat kita buat macamni. despite all my doas, i feel uneasy. despite me always doakan kau terbaik untuk aku, i am not at peace. and it was a sign for me to let go of you despite how much i love you. and to be honest, i am at peace now.

this is my final message for now.

dont ever think i devalue you. you are the best woman i know, in all aspects. physically, mentally and spiritually. i dont think ill find anyone with your level. you shine my world. you made me feel better when im down. seeing you happy melts my heart. i believe we are suitable, but distance and our commitments got in the way. maybe if we were still in the same uni, we would be happier. but tuhan tulis jalan aku adalah ke uni lain. so there must be something good for me here.

may you be the best version of yourself. stay healthy and pretty always. jaga solat, jaga aurat and jaga agama. surround yourself with good people. all the best with your endeavours and academic. 

as for now, the only thing in my mind is berdoa. i want to see you succeed, even if i am far away. even if i dont know. even if you dont care. kalau kau nak aku doakan something, then just reach out. you know where to find me. as for me, aku ada event bulan 7 nnt. kalau tak keberatan, doalah supaya event ni berjaya. 

as for us in the future. im keeping my promise. at 25 ill ask you out. kalau ada rezeki kita bersama, and it is good for us, then let's doa for it to happen. lets make our relationship diberkati.

if you want to know what i have been doa about you for more than a year:

berikan kejayaan kepada auni, jagalah ikhtilat, agama dan batas kami, dekatkan kami kepadamu, dan berilah ketenangan kepada kami.

kalau dia pasangan terbaik utk aku di dunia dan akhirat,
kekalkan dia dlm doaku dan dlm hidupku
pertemukanlah kami semula bila kami bersedia,
permudahkanlah urusan utk menjadikannya isteriku

kalau ada yg lebih baik untukku dan dia,
bagi saya dapat lepaskan dia dgn baik, pertemukanlah kami dgn org yg lebih baik untuk kami.
aku serahkan segalanya kepadamu ya allah

not a single word is changed. and ill keep doakan benda ni. 

thank you auni.

i love you.